+--- privacy policy ---+
last updated: 10-5-24


1. introduction

this page outlines the data collection and usage practices of wasteof.cash, a third-party wrapper and client for wasteof.money. 
i should start off by saying that both wasteof.cash and wasteof.money are non-profit hobby projects and do not collect data for commercial purposes.

2. data collection and usage

wasteof.money and wasteof.cash both collect certain data that is necessary for the services to function.

a) wasteof.money data:
   - ip addresses
   - usernames
   - bcrypt hashed and salted passwords
   - email addresses
   - any other data explicitly entered into the wasteof.money website

b) wasteof.cash data:
   - usernames
   - ip addresses (for analytics purposes only)
   - any data explicitly entered into the wasteof.cash site

wasteof.cash does not store or collect ANY private data from wasteof.money, such as passwords or other sensitive information not listed above.
all user authentication scripts or any script that handles user data is available publically on the github repo linked on the site

i cannot speak for how wasteof.money uses the data it collects, you are encouraged to review the privacy policy of wasteof.money yourself or ask one of the admins for more detailed information on wasteof.money's data practices.

3. external requests and apis

most if not all external data requests made by wasteof.cash are directed to the wasteof.money api. niche features of wasteof.cash may utilize an internal api. (/api, api.wasteof.cash, or api.wasteof.me)
api.wasteof.me is simply a cloudflare worker that proxies all incoming requests to api.wasteof.money to get around the pesky CORS rules in place.

4. analytics

for analytics purposes, wasteof.cash utilizes shynet, a self-hosted, privacy-friendly web analytics tool. if you wish to opt out of analytics tracking, you may block the utm.siliconecb.cc domain on your device or network.

5. third-party services

the wasteof.money site utilizes the following third-party services:
-   cloudflare for content delivery and security
-   github for user authentication
-   google for user authentication and recaptcha during sign-up

wasteof.cash uses cloudflare for ddos protection and other basic security features.

again, you are encouraged to review the privacy policy of wasteof.money yourself for more detailed information on it's data practices.

6. data security and user rights

wasteof.cash has reasonable security measures in place to protect user data. you have the right to access your personal data, request corrections, and/or request data deletion. to exercise said rights, contact me@siliconecb.cc or DM on discord @siliconecb_.

7. changes to privacy policy

wasteof.cash reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. you are responsible for regularly reviewing this policy for updates.

by using wasteof.cash, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this privacy policy.